well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so we have another message I'm
gonna respond to and the same thing I'm
going to take out the identifying
information in it and just focus on the
overall concept in it okay
there is a call to action that is coming
out in minority communities following
the Jefferson shooting that is the
shooting of the woman who was killed in
her own home after being shot through
the window by cop and while I believe in
its ideals I think the reality would
have grave consequences first to clarify
a few things as they relate to my
question I'm an african-american man
born raised and back living again in a
rural part of the United States
I have not served in the military or
police there are a lot of organizations
that are unfriendly to minority groups
in the area I've been subjected to
racially motivated violence both verbal
and physical throughout most of my teen
years I have since taken it upon myself
to see combat training both hand to hand
and with a firearm and I'm about to
embark on a Wilderness First Responder
course to better be able to protect and
assist myself and others the call to
action that I'm saying is a call back to
the original days of the Black Panther
Party and establishing what is
essentially a community defense force
giving folks an alternative to 9-1-1 to
call for non-medical help or protection
I believe in the ideal of localized
community defense and I think that with
the technology today would be very
straightforward coordinate nationally
albeit under observation but of course
we all know the story arc of the Black
Panther Party despite all the good they
did I'd love to know what you think an
organization like this or how you think
an organization like this would fare in
today's world and potentially after
November 2020 okay so the inherent
question in this is
do I think why people should set up
organizations like this no I think every
community should set up organizations
like this creating that redundant power
with marginalized communities with
minority communities it becomes that
much more important so I mean yeah this
is something I advocate for everybody I
don't necessarily think it needs to be
just just a particular race or ethnic
group I would prefer they be
geographically centered at the same time
in your situation not everybody in your
geographic area is going to think highly
of this so I can understand why it would
be limited in scope that makes sense
do I think the organization would fare
well yeah yeah
in today's world I do I think would be
fine I think that I think you can avoid
the pitfalls that the Black Panthers
fell into when they came about they were
a very publicly militant organization
you know the Berets the the uniforms all
of that I would avoid that I would avoid
that today and I would expand far beyond
just like they did you know its
community defense but at the same time
they had a lot of other stuff going on I
think these organizations should do the
same thing these little community
networks engage in micro loans for small
businesses assistance for the needy
mentoring a child care I mean all kinds
of stuff skill development there's so
much that can be done once these
networks are in place and to me that
would be the focus the other side of it
the community defense aspect of it
giving people an alternative to call
that makes sense and it should be part
of it no doubt but I wouldn't adopt that
militant structure that the Black
Panthers had
and that's not a criticism of them at
the time you know when they came about
they didn't have a choice you know it's
easy to look back to say well you know
they were kind of militant and that made
him a target yeah and if they weren't
militant they still would have been
targets so that doesn't matter I don't
think today that that posture is
necessary I could be wrong but I don't
think it's necessary today and I think
as long as that posture is avoided you
know you don't adopt military-style
uniforms or a rank structure that
parallels the military anything like
that I think it would be seen more as a
really advanced church group that also
has this community defense component
rather than a paramilitary organization
and that's where the grave concerns
would come in because the second it gets
seen like that then it's a target for
the media you're the boogeyman and
you're out to get everybody so when
you're talking about doing something
like this especially especially when it
is going to be benefiting one particular
community and there's already a
storyline that says oh they're militant
the first battle is a PR battle you have
to make it clear that that's you're not
there to do anything wrong and from this
message you're not you're wanting to
help people that's got to be the
messaging that goes out because if it's
not you do become a target for the pedia
the law enforcement will start looking
at you because they're gonna think that
you know what they're gonna think III
think it's a great idea and I do
understand the concerns they exist
they're real they're warranted but I
think the pitfalls can be avoided I
really do and I I know that there are
organized organizers in your community
that can put it together I'm positive
that you don't need help from the
outside but if you want it
assure you there's a whole bunch of
people of all skin tones that would be
more than willing to help so yes I think
organizations like this are important
creating that redundant power creating
that that localized power structure is
really important and I don't think that
they will become a target as long as
they win the PR war upfront as long as
the first stories that come out about
them in the newspaper are about them
helping a needy family or you know
setting up a mentoring program for for
children or something like that the PR
battle is what's going to be important
here if that battle isn't won then yeah
all of your fears they're very real they
are very real because the US has changed
it's gotten better but it hadn't changed
that much anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night